Update readme.md (#1)
DanaFineTLV/renovate: readme.md

> ![Renovate banner](images/cli_banner.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Renovate banner](https://app.renovatebot.com/images/renovate_660_220.jpg)

# Renovate

[![License: AGPL-3.0-only](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-%20%09AGPL--3.0--only-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/renovatebot/renovate/main/license)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/renovatebot/renovate/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/renovatebot/renovate)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)
[![Build status](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/actions/workflows/build.yml)
![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/renovate/renovate?color=turquoise)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/renovatebot/renovate/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/renovatebot/renovate)
```

![Renovate banner](https://app.renovatebot.com/images/renovate_660_220.jpg)

[![License: AGPL-3.0-only](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-%20%09AGPL--3.0--only-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/renovatebot/renovate/main/license)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/renovatebot/renovate/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/renovatebot/renovate)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)
[![Build status](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/actions/workflows/build.yml)
![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/renovate/renovate?color=turquoise)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/renovatebot/renovate/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/renovatebot/renovate)

> # What is Mend Renovate CLI?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# What is the Mend Renovate CLI?
```

Renovate is an automated dependency update tool.
It helps to update dependencies in your code without needing to do it manually.
When Renovate runs on your repo, it looks for references to dependencies (both public and private) and, if there are newer versions available, Renovate can create pull requests to update your versions automatically.

## Features

- Delivers update PRs directly to your repo
  - Relevant package files are discovered automatically
  - Pull Requests automatically generated in your repo
- Provides useful information to help you decide which updates to accept (age, adoption, pass rates, merge confidence)
- Highly configurable and flexible to fit in with your needs and repository standards
- Largest collection of languages and platforms (listed below)
- Connects with private repositories and package registries

> **Languages**

Reviewer 2: Why not use Markdown headings? e.g. `### Languages`

> Renovate can provide updates for nearly all languages, platforms, and registries including: npm, Java, Python, .NET, Scala, Ruby, Go, Docker and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate can provide updates for most popular languages, platforms, and registries including: npm, Java, Python, .NET, Scala, Ruby, Go, Docker and more.
```

Supports over 90 different package managers.

**Platforms**

Renovate updates code repositories on the following platforms: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Azure DevOps, AWS Code Commit, Gitea, Forgejo, Gerrit (experimental)

#  Ways to Run Renovate

> The most effective way to run Renovate is to use an automated job scheduling system that regularly runs Renovate on all enabled repositories and responds with priority to user activity. Mend offers cloud-hosted and self-hosted solutions. See the options below.

Reviewer 2: Please make sure to use one sentence per line for the entire document (this is the markdown style guide recommendation for this repo)

![Renovate banner](images/cli_banner.png)

# What is Renovate?

> Renovate is a dependency update tool. It helps to update dependencies in your code to the latest version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate is an automated dependency update tool.
It helps to update dependencies in your code without needing to do it manually.
```

> When Renovate runs on your repo, it looks for all known references to external dependencies and, if there are newer versions available, Renovate will create a pull request to update your code directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Renovate runs on your repo, it looks for references to dependencies (both public and private) and, if there are newer versions available, Renovate can create pull requests to update your versions automatically.
```

> **Features**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Features

```

Use headers throughout and also remove all `<br>`

Reviewer: The br tags are very useful for compact formatting.

> - Delivers updates directly to your code base

Reviewer 2: This may confuse people. Updates generally are done via PR and require review by developers. You may worry them that it's fully automated and they don't get to approve

Reviewer: True. I just meant - your code / your repo / your source code. "directly to the repo" is probably a better way to say it. A PR is still "directly to the repo".

Reviewer: Updated to "delivers update PRs directly to your repo"

  - Relevant package files are discovered automatically
  - Pull Requests automatically generated in your repo

> - Provides useful information to help you decide which updates to accept (age, adoption, passing, merge confidence)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Provides useful information to help you decide which updates to accept (age, adoption, pass rates, merge confidence)
```

Author: The change was implemented

> - Highly configurable - Lots of ways to configure it for your custom needs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Highly configurable and flexible to fit in with your needs and repository standards
```

Author: The suggestion was implemented

- Largest collection of languages and platforms (listed below)
- Connects with private repositories and package registries

**Languages**<br>

> Renovate can provide updates for nearly all languages, platforms and registries including: npm, Java, Python, .NET, Scala, Ruby, Go, Docker-hub and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate can provide updates for nearly all languages, platforms and registries including: npm, Java, Python, .NET, Scala, Ruby, Go, Docker and more.
```

Author: The suggestion was imlemented

Supports over 90 different package managers.

**Platforms**<br>

> Renovate updates code repositories on the following platforms: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, AzureDevOps, AWS Code Commit, Gitea, Forgejo, Gerrit (experimental)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate updates code repositories on the following platforms: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, Azure DevOps, AWS Code Commit, Gitea, Forgejo, Gerrit (experimental)
```

#  Ways to Run Renovate

> The easiest way to run Renovate is to use a job scheduling system that regularly runs Renovate on all enabled repositories and responds with priority to user activity.

Reviewer 2: I assume you mean CE/EE, but that's not actually the easiest. The easiest is to not run it yourself. Second easiest is the CLI, third easiest/last is CE/EE. So I'm not sure you should use "easiest" if you're trying to encourage CE/EE

Author: Changed to -
The most effective way to run Renovate is to use an automated job scheduling system that regularly runs Renovate on all enabled repositories and responds with priority to user activity. Mend.io offers cloud-hosted and self-hosed solutions.

> Mend provides pre-built systems for automatically running Renovate on your repositories.

Reviewer 2: What's a "system"?

Reviewer: "a set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network; a complex whole."
We could call it "application".

Reviewer 2: Can we keep it simple with "Docker images"?

Reviewer: No, I mean to encapsulate the Cloud apps and Renovate Server (CE/EE). Mend has built these systems so customers don't need to build their own. Systems / Applications / Services ?
How about:
"Mend maintains and distributes various systems and applications that you can use to run Renovate. See options below."

## Mend Renovate App (Cloud)

> **Targets: GitHub Cloud, Bitbucket Cloud**<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Supports: GitHub.com, Bitbucket Cloud**<br>
```

I suggest Supports instead of Targets for all

Hosted by Mend.io. No setup required. Community plan available (Free)

* GitHub Cloud: Install the [Renovate App](https://github.com/apps/renovate) on your GitHub org, then select the repos to enable
* Bitbucket Cloud: Add the [Mend App](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1232072/mend) to your Workspace, the add the Mend Renovate user to the projects you want to enable

## Mend Renovate Server (Self-hosted)

> **Targets: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket**<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Supports: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket Data Center**<br>
```

If you can’t use a pre-built job scheduling system, or want to build your own, the following options are available:

### Run Renovate on your Pipeline
Mend provides a _**GitHub Action**_ and _**GitLab Runner**_ to make it easier to run Renovate as a CI pipeline job.

* GitHub Action: [renovatebot/github-action](https://github.com/renovatebot/github-action).
* GitLab Runner: [Renovate Runner project](https://gitlab.com/renovate-bot/renovate-runner/)
* AzureDevOps action: [Renovate Me extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jyc.vsts-extensions-renovate-me)<br>
_Note: This extension is created and maintained personally by a Renovate developer/user so support requests relating to the extension itself cannot be answered directly in the main Renovate repository._
* Custom pipeline: You can create a custom pipeline with a **yml** definition that triggers **npx renovate**. [More details on how to configure the pipeline](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/platform/azure/).

### Run Renovate CLI
There are several ways to run the Renovate CLI directly. See docs: [Running Renovate](https://docs.renovatebot.com/getting-started/running/) for all options.<br>

> **Targets: GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, AzureDevOps, AWS Code Commit, Gitea, Forgejo, Gerrit (experimental)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Targets: all platforms**
```

To run your own instance of Renovate you have several options:

- Install the `renovate` CLI tool from npmjs, run it on a schedule (e.g. using `cron`)
- Run the `renovate/renovate:full` Docker Hub image (same content/versions as the CLI tool), run it on a schedule
- Run the `renovate/renovate:latest` Docker Hub image if you only use package managers that don't need third-party binaries (e.g. JavaScript, Docker, NuGet, pip)

[More details on the self-hosting development](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/docs/usage/getting-started/running.md).

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to Renovate or get a local copy running, please read the instructions in [contributing guidelines](.github/contributing.md).
To get started look at the [list of good first issues](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/contribute).

## Security / Disclosure

If you find any bug with Renovate that may be a security problem, then e-mail us at: [renovate-disclosure@mend.io](mailto:renovate-disclosure@mend.io).
This way we can evaluate the bug and hopefully fix it before it gets abused.
Please give us enough time to investigate the bug before you report it anywhere else.

> Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

Reviewer 2: This needs to be added back

Reviewer: Interesting. I think we determined there was a separate page where this text was written, and GitHub combines it on the front page. Will check.

Reviewer 2: It's important that people can easily find how to report security issues

Reviewer: Yes, this content needs to be added back in. It exists in SECURITY.md, but is not automatically shown on the readme.
Let's restore this content.

Author: got it back
